Upgrade helm sample to 0.11.0 version of SDK (#78)
operator-framework/operator-sdk-samples: helm/memcached-operator/README.md

## Prerequisites

- [docker][docker_tool] version 17.03+
- [kubectl][kubectl_tool] v1.11.3+
- [operator_sdk][operator_install]
- Access to a Kubernetes v1.11.3+ cluster

## Getting Started

### Cloning the repository

Checkout this Memcached Operator repository

```
$ mkdir operator-framework
$ cd operator-framework
$ git clone https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk-samples.git
$ cd operator-sdk-samples/helm/memcached-operator
```

### Building the operator

Build the Memcached operator image and push it to a public registry, such as quay.io:

```
$ export IMAGE=quay.io/example-inc/memcached-operator:v0.0.1
$ operator-sdk build $IMAGE
$ docker push $IMAGE
```

**NOTE** The `quay.io/example-inc/memcached-operator` is an example. You should build and push the image for your repository. 

### Using the image

```
# Update the operator manifest to use the built image name (if you are performing these steps on OSX, see note below)
$ sed -i 's|REPLACE_IMAGE|quay.io/example-inc/memcached-operator|g' deploy/operator.yaml
# On OSX use:
$ sed -i "" 's|REPLACE_IMAGE|quay.io/example-inc/memcached-operator|g' deploy/operator.yaml

> ```

Reviewer: The formatting here isn't great. I'd suggest this:

`````
Update the operator manifest to use the built image name (if you are performing these steps on OSX, see note below)
```sh
$ sed -i 's|REPLACE_IMAGE|quay.io/example/memcached-operator|g' deploy/operator.yaml
```

**Note**
If you are performing these steps on OSX, use the following `sed` command instead:
```sh
$ sed -i "" 's|REPLACE_IMAGE|quay.io/example/memcached-operator|g' deploy/operator.yaml
```
`````

### Installing

Run `make install` to install the operator. Check that the operator is running in the cluster, also check that the example Memcached service was deployed.

> Following the expected result. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following commands to verify that the installation was successful:
```

service/example-memcached            ClusterIP   None            <none>        11211/TCP           37s   app=example-memcached
service/memcached-operator-metrics   ClusterIP   10.96.212.206   <none>        8686/TCP,8383/TCP   38s   name=memcached-operator

NAME                                 READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE   CONTAINERS           IMAGES                            SELECTOR
deployment.apps/memcached-operator   1/1     1            1           52s   memcached-operator   cmacedo/memcached-operator:test   name=memcached-operator

NAME                                            DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE   CONTAINERS           IMAGES                            SELECTOR
replicaset.apps/memcached-operator-55d98c7cf8   1         1         1       52s   memcached-operator   cmacedo/memcached-operator:test   name=memcached-operator,pod-template-hash=55d98c7cf8

NAME                                 READY   AGE   CONTAINERS          IMAGES
statefulset.apps/example-memcached   3/3     37s   example-memcached   memcached:1.5.12-alpine
```

### Uninstalling 

> To uninstall all that was performed in the above step run `make uninstall`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To uninstall all that was performed in the above step, run `make uninstall`.
```

### Troubleshooting

Run the following command to check the operator logs. 

```shell
kubectl logs deployment.apps/memcached-operator -n helm-memcached
```

> **NOTE** To have further information about how to develop Helm operators with [Operator-SDK][operator_sdk] check the [Helm User Guide for Operator-SDK][helm_guide]

Reviewer: Don't use hyphens in "Operator SDK", and I'd suggest not linking the Operator SDK main page here again since we've already done it at the beginning, and the main point of this line is the Helm User Guide.

```suggestion
**NOTE** For further information about how to develop Helm operators with Operator SDK, read the [Helm User Guide for Operator SDK][helm_guide]
```

### Extras

> Mote that this project was created by using the following command which means that it is using the [stable/memcached][stable/memcached]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project was created by using the following command, which means that it is using the official [stable/memcached][stable/memcached] helm chart.
```
